Observations:
1. The razorpay initially said it couldn't cereate an order and then the payment went through and i made the payment.
2. I added 600 worth items andapplied the NNJULY10 coupon and got 10 percent off and toal amount was 540 rupees , the gst should be calculated from this amount, that is the sellingprice would be inclusive of gst, in the break up , this has to be handled.
3. While the total was 540 i paid 612.41 im not sure why that was the case
4. After the payment was made,it took me to the tank you page, which was jus the thank you pagei made for wholesale cusomers which had no information as such. it just saidthank you for your intest or your request has been received and for details contact infor@narinakhre.com it did not have any details abou the rder placed ot payment made
5. It should actually show a green beautifully designed tick mark which says Order Placed successfully wih otder id, tracing number etc
6. There should be an order processing console in the admin panel which should be able to process the order, i.e accept or cancel the order , process it, print the shipping label and also track the status in one page for all orders which are lovive and which have been fulfilled along with payment details, shipping charge , coupon applied etc
7. The user would be really benefitted if he or she has an account with basic details and the order details there, the order they have place and which allows them to view the order  and maneg thei profile
8. UShould have a reward system which offers 50 reward points for every order above 1000 and they can use this to convert into actual money at 3 reward points for 1 rupee and max 100 points which can be used at the same time
9. the referral system while logging in, if they refer somene , they would get 200 reward points, each user will have a referral code, this referral code  whn applied to another user will be converted into reward points only when the user which he or she refered completes an order above 500 rupess.
10. there should be an email triggered to the admin, mohinicosmetics.india@gmail.com  and also to the user when an order i created from info@narinakhre.com









11.
i have completely changed all the files given by you and also ran the Alter command in superbase sql editor, now there are a few issues, the shipping charges is also inclusive in the  price and it should only be mentioned in the breakup for admin and not to the customer, please mention it as FREE and mention the charges in the admin panel to calculate the total revenue, so while using the amount payable for calculating the GST is fine, there should be two Columns in admin to c report thi CGST and SGST which is half of the GST percentage each and also the state of delhivery should be entioned in the report. There is a minor chage in the way price is displayed for all products acros index, product detail and product cateegory pages, the MRP should be mentioned fir which should be Strike through and the Actual Retail price should be beside it along with the percentage discount on its right like in AMazon or other websites
1
12. i did not get any message from delhivery for order plaement or shipment collection, we should handle that as well, the pin 600083 is not serciable, the whol of indi should be deliverable, we should look into it as well

13. eHHi have implemented the edits given by you, committed the code and also pushed it. Added all the env variables in render befoe doing that. Please note that if the order was COD, then we should initialize the order as soon as the address and details are submitted by the user and confirms the order . And Also one more issue,  The automatic pickup should be avoided, as i already mentioned abovem we need to create the order and the admin has to accept the order and only then the pickup shouldbe scheduled, i think there would be some pickup OTP which will be generated alogn wih shipping label . The Order Processing Module in admin should take caer of this

14. Date: 2nd July 2026 after all the points were written before this (Points 1 to 13). We Went live, Nari Nakhre Retail at narinakhre.com and wholesale.narinakhre.com, the observations found when we placed a dummy order was
a. THe payment went through but the thank you page only contained the thank you for your request and info@narinakhre.com, the dynamic tick and otder details with amount was missing. The thank You file in retail has to be fixed, we woked on it yesterday and its not fixed it.
b. The emails after the orders were placed were not triggered .
c. In the admin page, the order processing feature was not present, which included order acceprance, order details, order history etc was not present.
d. In the retail section, if the stock is 0, the products should be last in each category and the recently added products with stock should be placed on the top and home page escpecialy
15. The email is not getting triggered on contact us in retail 
16. There is a human verification in the place order page so that phone number, email and address are authenticated
16. there should be phone number and email address check in contact us as well


Order Processing:
17. The otder processing page doesn't have the shipping label printing process
18. The Prouct Name, the SKU ID, Quantity, Size is not present for the admin to process the order
19. The Amount Paid , CGST, SGST is 0.
20. THe name of the company is Mohini Cosmetics, please use this in the invoice, aand the invoice should have the product name, SKU as well
21. the email trigger should be from info@narinakhre.com for contact form submission to the user and also narinakhre@gmail.com , anything related to otders, tracking should be sent from orders-noreply@narinakhre.com
22. categories  in the mobile version doest show the dropdown for all the categories, plae it beside teh cart instead
23. in the admin panel. the current product details excel is nto downloadable. 
24. There should be a mechanism to show that the payment has failed and if paid , it would be refunded .
25. in   There should be a bulk edit feature in which we can upload excel to edit the existing products
26. in the edit product page, the wholesale price tier is not present to edit
27. There should be description colum in product table which should be visible in the product detail page
